beautiful nick introduce now you can
feel how its wings too
also we haven't touched yet the seal is
a shape of your fingers when you please
yesterday but a lot of your fingers for
doing this
where are your fingertips a little part
attached to your name right oh yeah I
forgot to coming else okay so that's a
thing that another very famous begin its
sole fingertips now if you play like
that
there's no soul here so we really need
to keep our fingers curved around it and
to make sure so we will need to find it
again I want you to know that I don't
expect you to do everything on the spot
because there are already some habits
that are hard to work so but if you're
consistent if you are trying hard and
remember how you need to feel you'll get
you find your most comfortable position
right so do you know what scale is still
scale a scale yeah so what we're gonna
do right now you're gonna place this
scale but only with one finger finger
number three and don't do like that
again we'll remember weeping willow tree
down
and not collapsed until the right so
what you can do you can do finger
inspection at home
you can't act lightly and feel if your
finger goes either or not so no it's
good but you've lost you're not here we
go yeah but it's ok you learn you'll get
you know what we might ask your mom to
record it
do you have an iPad you can bring didn't
me I can record something that I know
did you concentrate at home okay but
today we can use your mom okay let's try
one more time
all by yourself so starting from feet
each position center of your body so
this is all until you get used to things
everything
tenshun it means you're doing something
let's try the same with the left hand